welcomes to movies summary
today i am going to explain science
fiction drama film real steel
in 2020 human boxers are replaced by
robots
charlie canton a former boxer owns
ambush
but loses it in a fight against a bull
belonging to promoter and carnival owner
ricky
having bet with ricky that ambush would
win charlie absconds before ricky can
collect
after the fight charlie learns that his
ex-girlfriend died and he must now
attend a hearing deciding the future of
their son
max a robot boxing fan with whom charlie
has virtually no contact since max was
born
max's maternal aunt debra and her
wealthy husband
marvin want full custody which charlie
bargains for 100 000
half in advance and marvin negotiates
that charlie retains
max for three months while marvin and
debra go on vacation
settling into a gym owned by bayley
tollett the daughter of charlie's former
boxing coach
charlie acquires the once famous noisy
boy but it is destroyed in an
underground match against another robot
boxer
midas as charlie and max attempt to
scavenge parts from a junkyard to make a
new robot
max discovers atom an obsolete but
intact sparring robot designed to
withstand severe damage
and can mirror opponent and handler
movements and store them in its memory
due to its rare
shadow function at max's behest charlie
pits adam against metro
whom adam overcomes max programs noisy
boys vocal respond controls in adam
and convinces charlie to help him with
adam's fighting move memory
this results in a series of victories
culminating in charlie being offered a
fight in world robot boxing
pitting adam against national champion
twin cities
the fight starts with adam on the attack
but twin cities easily takes the
offensive
charlie notices a hitch whenever twin
cities throws a right punch
and using this charlie controls adam to
a win by knockout
elated by their success max challenges
undefeated global champion zeus
with the audience squarely in their side
after the fight ricky and his two
henchmen attacked charlie for bailing
earlier and robbed him and max of their
winnings
prompting a defeated and dejected
charlie to return max to deborah
this upsets max and when charlie tries
to convince him that living without him
is better for max
max says he always wanted charlie to
fight for him and be there as a father
after max leaves charlie returns to
tallett's gym
while talking with bayley about the
events the two kiss
revealing their attraction to each other
persuaded by bayley
charlie arranges the zeus challenge max
wanted and convinces debra to allow max
to witness the fight
zeus dominates early knocking adam down
with its first punch
adam continues to get back up despite
zia's punishment
adam survives the first round stunning
the audience
ricky who had made a 100 000
bet with finn a friend of charlie's that
adam would not last the first round
tries to slip away but is cornered by
the fight's bookmakers
meanwhile in the ring adam lands
multiple punches but continues to be
knocked down repeatedly
late in the fourth round adam's vocal
respond controls are damaged
forcing charlie to use its shadow
function to make adam mimic his boxing
skills
with zeus programmers unable to
compensate
the designer tak mashido personally
takes control like
charlie has zeus is given a sound
beating
once even hitting the ground and barely
avoiding losing by knockout
but wins the match by number of hits
since adam could not beat it within the
limit of five rounds
zeus remains undefeated
but with mashido's group left humiliated
by the near loss
and adam is triumphantly labeled the
people's champion
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe